[PERSONNEL WITH CLEARANCE LEVEL 5+ CAN ONLY VIEW THIS CLASSIFIED DOCUMENT]

Dear Administrator sir,

I have troubled you a lot, and I know it. To Pay Back for my mistakes, I have created Apologies for everyone that I know in the server.
And here is your document.

I have caused chaos from the start when I joined the server in August. You may remember me when I was ISD. when Veilina was in the server.
I had made mistakes at that time, when I yelled at BNI and you sir, I have been regretting it till now. But I kept repeating those mistakes not knowing why.
And I joined back, regretting why I left the server and knew from that point that I wouldn't find a server like this. From there, my journey in the Mobile Task Force began.

I was introduced by Captain Fiex, and thanks to him, I learned the basics of the MTF. But I hadn't learned from my previous mistakes.
After some time after the big MTF Revamp and the introduction of the Heavy Security Division and Combat Advisors, I started to like the Mobile Task Force and wanted to stay
in it.

Then HSD PonQ joined the MTF, which changed my journey completely. I got jealous that PonQ reached Clearance Level-3 while I was Level-2 and I had been in the MTF more than him.
Still, I thought PonQ was a friend, but one day he betrayed me. I deserved it actually as I had been rude to him lately. 

The big change in me occurred when I got accepted as Omega-1. I was excited to be a unit of Omega-1 and serve the purpose of it. But the acceptance filled me with ego
and disrespected you sir and got demoted from Omega-1. But you gave me another chance, I didn't deserve another chance but you still gave it to me. But I got lost in my ego
and laughed at a disgusting NSFW, which I should not have done. Which lost my second and last chance of being Omega-1. But I always thought that it was because of my past and 
the journey of my alt, FIshing began. I was doing good Fishing but I lost control and started trolling the server where I made a big mistake and got blacklisted.

And When I trolled with my Fishing account, I got banned which I accepted as the result of my actions.

But I want to be a part of this friendly community and hopefully the most Serious RP server in the history of SCP: Roleplay. I regret my actions, and I promise you
that I will not repeat these actions. If I do so, I am ready to get banned. But Please sir, I request you to give me a last chance.

LONG LIVE SITE OPERA!!!
